Use GitHub for transitions (#175)
w3c/transitions: README.md

# Getting Director's approval for a new W3C maturity level (aka transition requests)

> For all requests to advance a specification to a new [maturity level](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#maturity-levels) other than [Note](), the Working Group must obtain [Director approval](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#transition-reqs). This is a  repository for requesting Director's approval when advancing on the W3C Recommendation track. It contains the transition requirements document, available from [Organize a Technical Report Transition](https://www.w3.org/Guide/transitions), and an issues tracker for managing transition requests. Tags are used to manage the transitions, keeping track of who has the “ball”. Notifications are sent by email to various mailing lists, include [public-transition-announce](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-transition-announce/) and [chairs](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/chairs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all requests to advance a specification to a new [maturity level](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#maturity-levels) other than [Note](), the Working Group must obtain [Director approval](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Process/#transition-reqs). This is a  repository for managing the Director approval workflow when advancing on the W3C Recommendation track. It contains the transition requirements document, available from [Organize a Technical Report Transition](https://www.w3.org/Guide/transitions), and an issues tracker for managing transition requests. Tags are used to manage the transitions, keeping track of who has the “ball”. Notifications are sent by email to various mailing lists, include [public-transition-announce](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-transition-announce/) and [chairs](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/chairs/).
```

  * If you're not sure how to fill the template properly, see [Organize a Technical Report Transition](https://www.w3.org/Guide/transitions).
  * If you need to convey Member-confidential information, start a thread on w3c-archive@w3.org and link it from your issue; lists.w3.org's access control will manage permissions. Use w3t-archive@w3.org instead for Team-confidential infos.
  * Assign your editor(s) and staff contact(s) to the transition request issue to facilitate automatic pestering.

>   * Issues get closed once publication is complete *and* relevant announcements are posted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Untag "Awaiting ..." if you intend to continue editing the issue before requesting action; you will need to add these back later.
  * Issues get closed once publication is complete *and* relevant announcements are posted.
```
